
## IOCs

__url__:

```text
http://lutanedukasi.co.id/wp
http://www.waraporn.net/dy47/?Rt=cJEPCFYxXhcTq&nBZhXF=VgD07dflFaksGVxdFL46l5VyvbABpSxwWaaMvOL1tn3EVaDMwmxyqfSWThCs5+vZuoswEw==
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/937614907917078588/1009001073970794576/Lsbjqoyofgkmqbuleooykdekgopmtglr
```
__hash__:

```text
D1EA94C241E00E8E59A7212F30A9117393F9E883D2B509E566505BC337C473E3
C7B7CC6B73B04E2CD7D026A69D47139770ACE5A92457DA0F0C058EE438251B18
```
__domain__:

```text
valeloaiza .com
nxmdta .quest
yennft .com
techwithnova .com
newssmart .xyz
devopstp .com
trophies3d .co .uk
helpagencia .online
fineclocksandsoaps .com
universerealtor .website
hyriver .com
xishangtao .com
getyourhostingnow .com
one-poker .com
ry-cw .com
colaye .us
russellbanx .com
rennentedieeinzige .uk
heliconiaparadise .site
234sportsagency .com
tenaciouslee .com
edenq .com
thecreakykettle .net
bedmate-ventricose .net
andreas-setiarama .com
advidd .com
enerplus .uk
cassavaproject .com
cambriacr .com
iserghini .com
creativacr .com
brandmarkenterprises .com
uaepilator .store
singhdeepak .space
belicosocigars .com
yysshh .top
rekapllc .store
fairblare .sbs
bryar .top
deniz2fotograf .online
viproom108 .com
fullstackchannel .net
emjghq .com
theclientserver .xyz
smartprotectproducts .store
thebestconsultants .com
453wow .com
iwantcreativity .com
excel-facile .online
waraporn .net
topdeckholidays .com
slanguage .online
mistergreekmeat .com
bloombyz .store
sparkmediaagency .xyz
asdmohs18 .website
playersclub .site
ariedejongtv .com
jinchuansh .com
affnewyork888s .com
ere46 .site
wevlong .xyz
toniotheharrison .net
aroma4pets .com
www.waraporn.net
```